---
layout: post
title: My Full CV
date: 2024-09-19 00:00:00 +0600
description:
img: resume.webp
fig-caption: # link caption
tags: [CV, Experience, Skills]
---

This is the complete list of all my experiences, work and projects. Unlike my formal resume,
which you can download by clicking the icon on the left, this page expounds on some of the work that I have done so I can fully showcase my skills.

---

__Education__
* B.S. in electrical engineering, Brigham Young University, April 2026 (Expected)
  * Current GPA: 3.96

---

__Recent/Current Academic Coursework__
* Embedded Systems
* Signals and Systems
* Circuit Design
* Electromagnetics and Waves

---

__Work Experience__

* May 2024 - Current: Research Assistant for BYU's Netlab
  * Currently instructing students on intro-level C Programming and x86 Assembly programming
  * taught class periods regarding topics of memory management, use of Github and linux, and C programming.
<br><br>
* September 2023 - Current: TA and Lab Instructor for Computer Systems Class
  * Currently instructing students on intro-level C Programming and x86 Assembly programming
  * taught class periods regarding topics of memory management, use of Github and linux, and C programming. 
<br><br>
* January 2023 - April 2023: Research Assistant for BYU Nueroscience Dept.
  * Worked in MatLab and python to create object processing scripts to organize hundreds of files, searching for patterns and characeristics of brainwave signals in patients affected by seizures.
<br><br>
* May 2023 - August 2023: DCID Technical Intern for The Aerospace Corporation
  * Created a method of detecting individual Starlink satellites from collected data using RANSAC regression as a part of the development of a non-cooperative PNT solution.
  * Created a pipeline for GPS-SBF receivers that allows for certain messages and observations to be filtered and repacked into modules, assisting in the construction of a resilient PNT solution alternative to GPS.
<br><br>
* May 2022 - May 2023: xLab Technical Intern for The Aerospace Corporation
  * Worked with engineers to redesign and improve the xLab PADS library database; managed and created workflows for the import and creation of PADS Designer parts, as well as performing critical library repairs to enhance project development across xLab.
  * Assisted in the schematic development and VHDL implementation of standardized GSE equipment to be used in future projects.
  * Worked with engineers to repair, inspect, and assemble various engineering boards as a solder technician.

---

__Skills__
* IPC certifications in [J-STD-001](https://www.esorensen.dev/images/JSTD.jpeg) and [IPC 620-D](https://www.esorensen.dev/images/620D.jpeg)
* Adept in both Windows and Linux environments
* Experienced in IoT devices such as Arduino or Rasberry Pi 
* Proficient with Siemens' PADS Designer and PADS Library Tools
* Programming language proficiencies:
  * Python, C/C++, MatLab, SystemVerilog
* Strong communication, public speaking, and organizational abilities

---

__Service and Leadership__
* 2022 - current : member of the ECE Ambassadors program at BYU
  * Service includes peer mentoring and guidance for incoming undergraduates seeking to learn about ECE at BYU.
* 2019 - 2021 : served as a representative of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
  * served as a leader in both Botswana and Mississippi, leading teams of 10 or more volunteers performing upwards of 700 service hours per week
  * spent time as an intermediary between the LDS Church and the government of Botswana to help acquire visas for incoming volunteers
  * Created a Google Scripts based service which provided statistical records and analysis for an organization of over 250 volunteers
  * Developed and practiced public speaking and leadership skills in a wide variety of situations

---

__Acheivements and Awards__
* 1st place in the 2019 Aerospace Corporation's Robert H. Herndon Science competition for our team's design of a protoype CubeSat bus. 

---

__Publications__
* Postion and Navigation Using Starlink   _[Link Pending]_
  * E. Grayver, R. Nelson, E. McDonald, **E. Sorensen**, S. Romano. _IEEE Aerospace Conference 2024_